Although he has seen my face today
But just for a moment
He probably didn't find anything, did he?
Brother Xu
Today I saw someone who is engaged to another sister
I just look at it.
It's really not worthy of Lin Mei
I don't know where your sister sees it
How does he like it?
How would I know
You are his brother
Really don't know
Looking at someone is nothing more than that person treating him well
Everything is for his sake
Then if I like someone
Be good to him every day
Brother Xu, do you think he will like me?
Humph
It should be possible.
But my lord
We two men talk about this topic
It's true that it's a bit diligent
Stop it!
Chicken thighs are delicious
Quite greedy